feat: Add NoAuthentication destination support back (#3763)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: .changeset/gentle-drinks-fetch.md

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/connectivity': minor
---

> [New Functionality] Add support for NoAuthentication on-premise destinations back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[New Functionality] Add support for authentication type `NoAuthentication` on-premise destinations.
```

> [New Functionality] Add support for authentication type `NoAuthentication` on-premise destinations.

Reviewer: Do we need a compatibility note?
